---
layout: post
title: Literary Music Series - Friday, November 6th
subtitle: Collaboration In Isolation
date: 2020-10-28 
author: Our Time Quintet
---

<b>Our Time Wind Quintet</b> is thrilled to perform on Natalie Vargas Nedvetsky’s <b>Literary Music Series</b>! Please join us for this livestream event on <b>November 6, 2020</b>, as we present our recordings of quintet works by Gyorgy Ligeti, Carl Nielsen, and Valerie Coleman.  Joined by award-winning fictional author and poet <b>Patricia McCrystal</b>, we will explore themes of isolation and unity, rediscovery and reinvention, and creativity within confinement through the music in the program. 

There will be a post-performance <b>Zoom Salon</b> following the program in which the audience can interact with the musicians. Please join us as we discuss the process of collaborating and recording remotely, and much more. 

--

<h1><i>Collaboration In Isolation</i></h1>

<i>Friday, November 6, 2020 - 4pm PST/7pm EST </i>

<b><i>Sechs Bagatellen</i></b> by Gyorgy Ligeti --- III. Allegro grazioso, IV. Presto ruvido

<b>Quintet, Op. 43</b> by Carl Nielsen --- III. Praeludium, IV. Tema con Variazione

<b><i>Umoja</i></b> by Valerie Coleman

--


Literary Music Series is an organization founded and led by pianist and poet <b>Natalie Vargas Nedvetsky</b>. Live on Facebook several times a month, the series leads meaningful discussion by connecting various artists and exploring distinctive art forms through an overarching theme. 
Check out the series here: <a href="https://www.literarymusic.org/">Literary Music Series</a>.

We are privileged to collaborate on this program with fiction writer and poet <b>Patricia McCrystal</b>. Among many of her published works, her short story “All Possible Exits” received the <i>Slippery Elm 2020 Prose Prize</i>. 
Learn more about Patricia <a href="http://www.patriciamccrystal.com">here</a>. 


