---
layout: post
title: A Virtual Window - 2/11/21 
subtitle: Collaboration In Isolation
date: 2021-01-28 
author: Our Time Quintet
---
<h1><i>Thank you for joining us on our virtual adventure as we explored music across time through various visual perspectives.</i></h1>

--

<h1><i>A Virtual Window</i></h1>

<i>Thursday, February 11, 2021 - 5pm PST/8pm EST </i>

<b><i>La cheminée du roi René</i></b> by Darius Milhaud

<b><i>Distanced Yet United</i></b> by <a href="https://soundcloud.com/ericdelgadomusicEric">Eric Delgado</a>

<b>Wind Quintet op. 43</b> by Carl Nielsen

--

<b>Our Time Wind Quintet’s</b> livestream performance, “<b>A Virtual Window</b>,” broadens the world of the screen. We invite you to join us as we blend the pre-planned with the unplanned, explore new expressions of harmony, and briefly unite our distanced worlds.

We begin the program with <b>Darius Milhaud’s <i>La cheminée du roi René</i></b> (The chimney of King René). Through brief musical portraits, we bring to life catchy renaissance tunes by pairing them with public art from around the country. 

Central to the program is the world premiere of <b>Eric Delgado’s</b> composition <b><i>Distanced Yet United</i></b>, commissioned by Our Time in 2020. Responding to the ways we struggle to collaborate during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the piece uses Zoom as a creative medium and relies on unique layering algorithms to create texture and harmony. 

We close with <b>Carl Nielsen’s Wind Quintet op. 43</b>. Offering lighthearted perspectives on digital performance practices, we celebrate the endurance of friendship and connection to our environment during these unprecedented times.

The program will be presented through <b>YouTube live streaming</b>. There will be a <b>Q&A session</b> with all artists via Zoom afterward, and we welcome all audience members to join us there. All links will be provided upon registration. The performance will be available to view through this link for seven days past the date of the event. 











